Tracking planning information and progress for pycon2013


* twinpact powersupply issue in GA3 - dave will bring a powersupply on wednesday night
* sound hiss in MC3 - needs to be looked at in a break
* we do have two more mics per room (in the storage corridor left of the ballroom)
* network from AV room to the meeting rooms is not working at all

